EZP-31389 Document built-in URL criteria in URLService (#1061)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/url_reference/url_sort_clause.md

# URL Sort Clause

The [`SortClause\Url` Sort Clause](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/Values/URL/Query/SortClause/URL.php)
sorts search results by the URLs.

## Arguments

> - `sortDirection` (optional) - Query constant, either `Query::SORT_ASC` or `Query::SORT_DESC`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sortDirection` - the direction of the sorting, either `\eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\URL\Query\SortClause::SORT_ASC` (default) or `\eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\URL\Query\SortClause::SORT_DESC`
```

## Example

``` php

> $query = new SortClause();
> $query->sortClauses = [new SortClause\Url()];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\URL\URLQuery;
use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\URL\Query\SortClause;

// ...

$query = new URLQuery();
$query->sortClauses = [new SortClause\URL()];
```
